Hehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehe
Hehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehe
Hehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehe] hehe
Hehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehe
Hehehehehehehehehehehehehehe
You didn't meet her because of Sister Huanggu
You can't do this to her
What program
This is a stinky old dealer
You've given me enough money, why are you here without a chance?
You're not worthy enough to let our married women enter the house.
You don't need to thank you
I will take good care of your wife after all
She is my favorite
She will pay you for this time I am playing. Good morning, I am defeated.
Can you do this? Just her
She also asked our father to go home to her and not stay there.